- Making the move to microservices is no easy task.
It takes a team effort and buy-in from the entire team
in order to make this migration successful.
This course is designed for everyone involved
in the software development lifecycle.
For the managers and directors,
this course should provide you with the basic knowledge
of why the work associated with microservices
may be worth it.
I'll provide you some of the benefits of this architecture
and some of the challenges your team may encounter
all while focusing on where your team
and bottom line will be positively impacted
by moving to this architecture.
Because moving to this pattern
really takes everyone's buy-in,
yours is very critical for obvious reasons.
While the non-technical manager
may not understand all of the ins and outs of the pattern,
there's a clear value in understanding the basics
so you can properly empower your teams
to do the work needed.
To my fellow architects,
this course should be a great starting point
in looking at this pattern.
While I cannot deliver all of the information you'll need
in order to make the appropriate decisions
when migrating to this architectural model,
I can provide you a good baseline
to supplement your existing knowledge base.
You'll be exposed to the most core concepts of microservices
in a way that allows you to start asking the right questions
in order to make the best decisions possible
for your organization.
You'll also be made aware of the challenges you'll face
so you can react to them more quickly.
For the developers out there,
this course should provide you with a great foundation
to explain why you're writing the code the way that you are.
You'll be exposed to the overall concepts of the pattern
in a way that provides you with insight
into the questions that should immediately come up
when trying to solve real-world problems.
You'll also be exposed
to some new ways of thinking about writing software
in a globally distributed marketplace.
While I won't focus
on how-to aspects of writing microservices,
most modern languages have frameworks and patterns
for delivering RESTful services
that will be used in this architecture.
No matter your role,
in order to be successful in this course,
you just need to have a desire to learn
and some basic knowledge of software development.
As a developer or architect,
you should have some fundamental knowledge
of software composition and decomposition.
You need to understand basic remote network calls over HTTP
in order to grasp some of the complexities
associated with a microservices architecture.
With that said, let's jump into some history.